Dumb
Let your good daughter know
One who doesn't steal
A ten-year cold window can't match the accumulation of three generations of wealthy families
Is that you?
No, I shut up.
It's not your place to speak
Don't talk, you're angry.
A Porsche for the old lady Hesun's family
A set of Jiangcheng villas
A contract worth hundreds of millions
Oh my god, what a big deal.
It's always atmospheric
It's just a small goal.
What do you know?
Young Master Sun successfully ascended to the sky
Sun Jiang is not what he used to be
I see
Grandma, the contract driver graduated
Thank you Mr. Sun
Because my wife is disloyal
Just Boli don't see it
Can someone else contribute this 1%?
Friendship, see?
You'll never earn this house or car for the rest of your life
Not to mention the value of your contract
Please take out these things first
You let go
How dare you break my contract
My congratulatory gift can't be brought to the table
Then you must have prepared a better gift
Of course I said it long ago
Lu Yun, what are you doing?
Don't worry, I'll worship you for everything
What's the matter, I don't know yet?
What kind of gift can you give?
I'm so sorry.
I should have kicked you out if I knew
It's the other way around.
Come on, beat him out for me
Life and death here
A set of Tomson Yipin mansion
A limited edition Rolls Royce worldwide
Hengyuan Group has a contract worth tens of billions
Billions of contracts
I wish the old lady a blessing like the East China Sea
Shoubinan Mountain